WordPress Heads-Up Plugin
=========================

The Heads-Up plugin helps remote teams stay connected.

We know there are excellent project management tools (like Trello) or ticket
systems (like Asana) or spreadsheets that do it all. But we also know that
people don't always plan & communicate all the small things.

Sometimes we want to make a quick update. At other times, we're working solo
and the rest of the team don't want to read a big project plan for something
that doesn't affect them. And so, right or wrong, we dive in and make changes
behind the scenes. Nine times out of ten this works just fine, which is why it
keeps happening.

But, that one time, team mates bump into each other and the SEO team change
Marketing's messages, or Dev delete the SEO drafts.

Heads-Up is an extra heads-up. An instant reminder, right in front of you when
you log in (not in a project plan buried beneath 100 tabs). It says 'hey, talk
to your team mate before you make any changes'.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Think of Heads-Up as an early warning system. Like a green or red-man at a
street crossing, it tells you whether it's safe to proceed. But, that doesn't
mean you can't cross if it's red, just take care. And it doesn't mean, if it's
green you cross without looking.

Heads-Up encourages communication, it doesn't replace it.

If someone's in, open Chat, Slack or Teams and make sure you're not going to
step on their toes. If nothing's going on, you're more likely to be able to
make that small change, but don't be reckless.


WHEN TO USE IT?

Marketing + SEO

Marketing realises the hero-headline on the home page doesn't quite flow.
'Come live with us' sounds a bit strange, so you decide you need something that
sounds better.

In a different office the SEO team thinks 'Come live with us' is creepy and
lacks search benefits. So, they hop in and change it to 'Two bedroom apartments
in Manchester, available now'.

Marketing comes back from their brainstorm with "Join the neighbourhood" and
find it's been changed.

Teams are confused, maybe a bit frustrated, and someone suggests that every
copy change goes into a 3-point, multi-stage, colour-coded spreadsheet.

OR

Marketing leaves a Heads-Up status that says 'I'm working on this home page,
thinking of some new lines'. SEO log in, see the indicator and stop what they
were doing. They send a quick message that says 'Hi, we don't like the line
either. Can we have a quick chat about what works best?'


SEO + Dev

SEOs are trialling different versions of a headline. They keep tweaking it to
see which gets the best traffic and the best form conversions. It's a small one
word change each time.

Dev, seeing a whole pile of versions in the database, decides to clean it up,
speeding things up for everyone.

SEO comes back to find that the version with the best results has been deleted.

Arm-waving, finger-pointing and rolling-back to previous versions occurs.

OR

SEO leaves a note that says 'I'm working on the availability area at the moment,
testing out new headlines. Please don't make any changes or it'll mess up my
reports'.


DEV + Everyone

At the beginning of the quarter we all held a big meeting to agree on the road
map. It goes into a spreadsheet and everyone knows exactly what's happening and
when. We agree the database needs shrinking so we'll get rid of the Later Living
section we don't want anymore.

A new Marketing Exec joins and, making themselves useful, checks spelling and
grammar on all 50 pages of the Later Living section. Should they have checked?
Yes. Do we want to be harsh on enthusiasm and proactive quality control? No.

Dev come in, delete and clean up all the deadlinks to the perfectly written and
now non-existent section.

OR

Dev leaves a note that says, I'll be coming in on Tuesday to delete this
section.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Developers: this text is loaded from /user-guide.txt inside the plugin folder.
Edit this file to change the guide shown in the "User Guide" popup. You can also
point it elsewhere with the `uao_guide_file` filter.
